Fixes #7172 - Updates ConvertTo-Json (#7179)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Json.md

## DESCRIPTION

The `ConvertTo-Json` cmdlet converts any .NET object to a string in JavaScript Object Notation
(JSON) format. The properties are converted to field names, the field values are converted to
property values, and the methods are removed.

You can then use the `ConvertFrom-Json` cmdlet to convert a JSON-formatted string to a JSON
object, which is easily managed in PowerShell.

Many web sites use JSON instead of XML to serialize data for communication between servers and
web-based apps.

> As of PowerShell 7.2, `ConvertTo-Json` will emit a warning if the depth of the input object exceeds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of PowerShell 7.2, `ConvertTo-Json` emits a warning if the depth of the input object exceeds
```
